{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10860\viewh20040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Madeleine Varner\
Professor Melissa Ragona\
Aesthetics of Dysfunction\
23 September 2014\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 <3 <3 INTERNET DEATH FANDOM <3 <3\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	News is no longer the subject of discrete \'93media events\'94 or \'93happenings\'94, but a constant flow of information. We exist as nodes within networks of sublime scale, and although information may be disseminated and refined through filters of personal relevancy via social media, we are still deluged with ____. The cinema of attraction is not only once again a major genre in American media, but inescapable. It no longer requires one to leave the comfort of their home, as it is delivered to the comforts of their mobile phone and browser. \
	**talk abt ISIS videos & how they\'92re banned now**\
	/r/watchpeopledie is a (rather aptly) named community dedicated to collecting and sharing videos of people dying. Submission guidelines are strict\'97there must be a person actually dying in the video, no reposts of older submissions, and no necrophilia. Over 40,000 people consider themselves members. Recent submissions vary from \'93Iraqi air force attack ISIS in Saqlawiya\'94 to \'93Father attempts failed CPR on his son who just fell 10 stories; later commits suicide himself\'94.\
	The material shared by users of /r/watchpeopledie are as graphic as ___. *why they do that tho???* \
	The members of the group describe their relationship with the material as reflective. User Phased_and_Amused comments, \'93I think it's good though, I don't get any kind of sadistic pleasure from it, it makes me feel small. It's like a reminder to appreciate what you've got because you could have been this poor person who's now dead because of some asshole who was late to work or whatever.\'94 (SAUCE) \
	Constructing the event as an unreality in the viewer\'92s mind eases the\
	The desensitization of ___. **talk abt tumblr serial killer fandom**\
	Whether the spectacle is presented to us without our consent, or we seek it out in order to numb ourselves from the magnitude of human tragedy or out of obsessional delusion, it is prevalent in our digital, and hence our \'93irl\'94 lives.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
1. https://redditjs.com/r/watchpeopledie/comments/2avfbk/why_do_you_guys_want_to_watch_people_die/ \
\
While certain tragedies can captivate large swathes of users, such as the ISIS beheadings or the destruction of the, many are only viewed by a select few.\
\
Although the cinema of attraction may have gone underground, as Tom Gunning argues, in 1906, it has almost certainly reemerged in present day, __. \
\
With information networks of a sublime scale, new kind of amateur filmmaker has emerged, ___. The YouTube channel\
	The description given by the creator, sptobi, is brief\'97simply, \'93\cf2 gstar pants , hilf\'edger hoodie , puma sneaks, adidas socks, carhartt belt... wet in the bathtub\'94. \
\
There is no violence to these videos, as with \'93How To Basic\'94, __. }