{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0 With networks of a sublime scale. The quantification of social recognition via page views, likes, comments, etc. has created a fame economy based on __. In this way the spectacle has once again become a prominent genre in film, as we vie for attention.\
\
ideas:\
	- 24/7 news cycle\
		- ferguson\
	- fame economy\
	- wetkid2012\
	- \
\
Operating within networks of a sublime scale,\
\
YouTube channel \'93HowToBasic\'94 has garnered over 500 million collective views in its three year existence. It provides a variety of helpful tutorials, from \'93How to Play the Keyboard\'94 to \'93How to Make a Sausage Roll\'94. It posits itself as a t___. \
\
\'93Lifehacks\'94 present us with more efficient ways to lead our life, streamlining everything from the way we cut our apples to how we get up in the morning (?). They present capitalist ideals of efficiency, promising hyper-productive utopias where our __examplse eher___. The satisfying ____. Self improvement, ______.\
\
Contrasting is the casual destruction of food that HowToBasic exhibits, ________.\
\
why does he use phallic symbols? finger-fucking chicken? is it a symbol of power? masculine equation to sexual dominance with power/destruction? why is there videos objectifying women?\
\
Male-centric. Masculine desire for destruction\'97or acceptability? Gender roles in destruction. See mudding, microwave/blender destruction vids etc.\
\
It\'92s abject. Yet there is something visceral about the way}